what's up guys so today I'm going to do
a drawing of Talia joy I was actually
subscribed to her for a while on her
YouTube before she passed away
unfortunately but she is awesome you
know she was always positive and all her
videos you know I like to live my life
positively and I'm sure she taught a lot
of people to you know just love life and
don't let it get you down and things are
bad and she accomplished a lot in her
short years so you know inspired me the
do a drawing of her because she's
awesome and yeah I kind of wish I did
this drawing earlier so at least hear
that I have a chance to see it but you
know unfortunately she passed away and
yeah so is my little trivia drawing to
her and hope you enjoy let's get started
you